>> Bianca Gandolfo: All right,
so exercise two.
We have some data, and it's updated.
We have a new development from our team of
elves, who are doing a lot of research and
helping us figure out who the murderer is
while we're here strengthening our skills.
We need to figure out which room no
one was in on the night of the murder.
So this is updated with the rooms that
people were in on the night of the murder.
>> Speaker 2: Where can we find that?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: It's on the slides.
Let's see, yeah, and
the link is jsbin.com/pazixim/edit,
pazixim.
And so you can use any methods, and
I encourage you actually to
take a peek at either Lodash or
Underscore, whichever one that you prefer,
and
see what methods could be useful for
doing this.
And again we are doing this by methods,
not by writing it out and
not figuring out or
reading it or anything like that.
Cuz if you imagine that
this was a huge data set,
you couldn't do that on your own.